{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid901\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid10}
{\list\listtemplateid11\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1001\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid11}
{\list\listtemplateid12\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid12}
{\list\listtemplateid13\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid13}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}{\listoverride\listid11\listoverridecount0\ls11}{\listoverride\listid12\listoverridecount0\ls12}{\listoverride\listid13\listoverridecount0\ls13}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Story_BirdsAI
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
HERO\
BirdsAI\
A story of the past, present, and future of the Amazon rainforest in Brazil from a bird's eye view\
Swipe up to begin\
\
INTRO\
The Amazon rainforest is the world's largest rainforest. 60% of the Amazon is located in Brazil.\
\
The Amazon rainforest is disappearing\
Based on observed trends from the last 12 years, it is projected that if rates do not slow down, we will see an increase of almost 200% in deforestation by 2026.\
\
TIME SERIES \
Timeseries predictions\
Area deforested (sq km)\
\
TIME LAPSE\
Forest loss in the Amazon can be seen clearly, even from space. Tap the markers to open a time lapse view.\
\
CHOROPLETH\
Deforestation per state\
The situation is worse in some states than in others. In the state of Rondonia, 8,561 square km of rainforest were cut down since 2008 \'96 an area equivalent to 10 times the size of Berlin. Tap states to see deforestation rates\
\
PIE CHART\
Deforestation in Brazil is mainly commodity driven: meat, metals, and palm oil. Our consumer choices contribute directly to deforestation.\
\
LINE CHART\
Three key drivers for deforestation of the Amazon rainforest are beef production, croplands for soy, and palm oil. Since 1990, as the production of crops and livestock have significantly increased, the remaining forest area has diminished dramatically.\
\
FOOTER\
Hetares of primary forest lost today in Brazil\
[figure]\
Berlin Brandenburg Airport Willi Brandt is 1,470 hectares in size. This is an estimate based on the average rate of primary forest loss in the years 2016 \'96 2020.\
Share this story\
BirdsAI is a project by course participants of TechLabs Berlin\
\
\
\
\

\f1\b\fs32 Process
\f0\b0 \

\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Version 2\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b0 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
we need a nice 'title' for each block of text. (should be bold marked)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 This is a short story about the close relationship between the rainforest and our lives, no matter how far away we live from it. Behind many of the products we buy and use every day, the deforestation of the Amazon is hiding. So, what does deforestation look like from a bird's eye view? Let's begin our journey.\
Forests cover 31 percent of the global land area. The total forest area is 4.06 billion hectares, but they are not equally distributed around the globe. 
\f1\b Two-thirds of the world's forests are found in ten countries
\f0\b0 , such as Canada, the United States, and China. The biggest forest area is in Russia and the second in South America. But only the forest in South America is declining at a fast rate.\
[choropleth]\

\f1\b The world's largest forest and also the biggest forest in South America
\f0\b0  is the Amazon rainforest. 60 percent of the Amazon is located in Brazil.\
The Amazon rainforest is the 
\f1\b world's largest rainforest
\f0\b0 . 60 percent of the Amazon is located in Brazil.\
This map shows 
\f1\b the current deforestation rate
\f0\b0  by nine brazilian states: Acre, Amazonas, Amap\'e1, Maranh\'e3o, Mato Grosso, Par\'e1, Rond\'f4nia, Roraima, and Tocantins.\
[main drivers 1-livestock soy]\
Deforestation\'a0in\'a0Brazil\'a0is\'a0mainly commodity\'a0driven. The key drivers are expansion of pasture for 
\f1\b beef
\f0\b0  production, croplands for 
\f1\b soy
\f0\b0 , and 
\f1\b palm oil
\f0\b0 . Since 1990, the production\'a0of\'a0crops,\'a0livestock*, and palm oil have significantly increased. In\'a0contrast,\'a0the\'a0forest\'a0area\'a0has\'a0decreased dramatically.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Livestock\'a0is\'a0commonly\'a0defined\'a0as\'a0domesticated\'a0animals\'a0raised\'a0in\'a0an\'a0agricultural\'a0setting\'a0to\'a0produce\'a0labor\'a0and\'a0commodities\'a0such\'a0as\'a0meat,\'a0eggs,\'a0milk,\'a0fur,\'a0leather,\'a0and\'a0wool\'a0(Wikipedia).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 In 2018, Brazil set a world record in 
\f1\b beef export
\f0\b0 , worth of $6 billion. A slaughterhouse in Jaru, Rond\'f4nia will slaughter one cow per 8 seconds. Due to the appetite for (any kind of) meat, the Amazon shrinked 17% in the last 50 years.\
[main drivers 2-mining]\
Mining for minerals also contributes to a considerable amount of deforestation of the rainforest in Brazil. The (first?) plot (mining_%_deforestation.png) shows the percentage of area deforested, from 2008 to 2015, for mining activities in total of nine states in Brazil. The mining of 
\f1\b gold, iron, and copper ore
\f0\b0  are the three largest factors of deforestation among all mining activities in Brazil from 2008 to 2015. The (second?) plot (deforested_area_top10_minerals.png) shows the amount of area deforested due to mining for the 10 most used minerals.\
[time series ]\
Based on patterns and observed trends from the last 12 years, it is projected* that every year, 
\f1\b 12 percent
\f0\b0  more of the current rainforest disappears. This means that if rates do not slow down, we will see 
\f1\b by 2026 an increase of 188%
\f0\b0  the amount of 
\f1\b deforestation
\f0\b0  
\f1\b rates
\f0\b0  that we saw in 2020.\
You can horizontally move the slide and see the possible future deforestation of each region.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This is the predictions for the years from 2020 to 2026 for the rate of deforestation (area km2) in the combined 9 states of the Legal Amazonia.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [timelapse]\
The current president of Brazil, Bolsonaro, is willing to X internationally, for the cost of the Amazon. After his inauguration in January 2019, the rate of deforestation has rocketed as much as 92%.\
You can see here X, based on X.\
Can you try to eat less meat?\
Can you try to drink less coffee?\
Would you care for your mobile phone and use it for longer than 4 years?\
Can you try to eat less avocado? Or chocolate?\
"Deforestation causes almost as much greenhouse gas emissions as global road travel."\
"Future of the Amazon rainforest is at a dangerous environmental tipping point if deforestation levels rise another 5%."\
[Countdown]\
Hectares of primary forest lost 
\f1\b today
\f0\b0  in Brazil | For comparison: Berlin Mitte is 3,950 hectares in size | 4,513.33 | This is an estinate based on the average rate of primary forest loss in the years 2016 \'96 2020.\
Share this story\
(at the very botton: BirdsAI is a project by course participants at TechLabs Berlin (SS21).)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Version 1\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 Table of Contents\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
intro\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
chloropleth map (current. stephanie)\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
time series map (future. stephanie, slider)\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
timelapse videos on map (future?)\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
predictions (future? akinloye)\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
main drivers of deforestation 1 (yulia)\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
main drivers of deforestation 2 (pavai)\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
counter\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
share button\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 *** this can be changed ***** Can someone proofreading? Is there a native English speaker? *****\
This is a short story about the close relationship between the rainforest and our lives, no matter how far away we live from it. Behind many of the products we buy and use every day, the deforestation of the Amazon is hiding. So, what does deforestation look like from a bird's eye view? Let's begin our journey.\
** This region(Amazon Rainforest - Tropical) includes territory belonging to nine nations. Our story is focused on the map of brazil showing the region where the forest is located. map\
(map showing the focus area)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strike \strikec2 [map showing the current state of deforestation]?\strike0\striked0 \
[chloropleth ]\
[ The text should explain what the map shows: extent of deforestation in every state in brazil in the years __ to ___ ]\
In 2018, Brazil exported some $6 billion worth of beef, more than any other country in history. A slaughterhouse in Jaru, Rond\'f4nia, which, after its current expansion is complete, will kill one cow every eight seconds. Mainly for our appetite for (any kind of) meat, the Amazon shrinked 17% in the last 50 years.\
[time series ] Based on patterns and observed trends from the last 12 years, it is projected* that every year, 12 percent more of the current rainforest disappears due to farming. This means that if rates do not slow down, by 2026 we will see an increase of almost 200% the amount of deforestation rates that we 
\f1\b saw
\f0\b0  in 2020. (*bold marked part: is it correct? because it was in 2020...)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Using an exponential smoothing model to forecast future trends, shown here are the predictions for the years from 2020 to 2026 for the rate of deforestation (area km squarred) in the combined 9 states of the Legal Amazonia.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 To that, the current President of Brazil, Bolsonaro, are not particularly interested in protecting the rainforest. Since his inauguration, the rate of deforestation has rocketed by 92%.\
[timelapse videos on map]\
For predicting deforestation location.\
The dataset (shapefile) deployed for the deforestation's location prediction shows annual deforestation between 2008 and 2019. It is for amazonia region and was taking from '{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://betagfw.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets/a37b42723a1b4a759fe51ee4e99f49da_0/about"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://betagfw.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets/a37b42723a1b4a759fe51ee4e99f49da_0/about}}'. The dataset comes majorly with features that are more of intrinsic traits of the deforestation, it does not have features that could be identified as either major or minor causes of the deforestation, which in a way a limitation on the prediction. Three different models was deployed in the prediction of location of future deforestation using longitude and latitude features of the dataset as the target_features. Xgbooost regressor performed better than others. However, the accuracy of the model was not precise enough because of the problem of longitude and latitude not being able to represent a three dimensional space with two features (i.e. not good enough to represent 3D space in 2D with the two target_features). Also, most of the features of the dataset are not useful in the prediction as mentioned earlier. End users can use the model for future prediction with the provision of the following features (day, month, year, state, area_km) used in training the model. With this functionality, the model can be easily handled. The scatterplot diagrams show the outcome of each model prediction.\
[prediction???]\
These data shows the deforestation between 2008 and 2019.\
[main drivers 1-livestock soy]\
We have to act now to save the rainforest, and for that we need to know the causes of deforestation.\
Deforestation\'a0in\'a0Brazil\'a0is\'a0mainly\'a0commodity\'a0driven,\'a0with\'a0the\'a0key\'a0drivers\'a0being:\'a0expansion\'a0of\'a0pasture\'a0for\'a0beef\'a0production,\'a0croplands\'a0for\'a0soy,\'a0and\'a0palm\'a0oil.\'a0We\'a0can\'a0see\'a0that,\'a0since\'a01990, both the\'a0production\'a0of\'a0crops\'a0and\'a0livestock*, as\'a0well\'a0as\'a0the\'a0area\'a0used for palm\'a0oil\'a0farms,\'a0have\'a0significantly\'a0increased.\'a0In\'a0contrast,\'a0the\'a0forest\'a0area\'a0has\'a0decreased dramatically.\
***** Livestock\'a0is\'a0commonly\'a0defined\'a0as\'a0domesticated\'a0animals\'a0raised\'a0in\'a0an\'a0agricultural\'a0setting\'a0to\'a0produce\'a0labor\'a0and\'a0commodities\'a0such\'a0as\'a0meat,\'a0eggs,\'a0milk,\'a0fur,\'a0leather,\'a0and\'a0wool\'a0(Wikipedia).\
[main drivers 2-mining]\
To that, mining for minerals contributes to a considerable amount of deforestation of rain forest in Brazil. The plot (mining_%_deforestation.png) shows the percentage of area deforested, during 2008 \'96 2015, for mining activities in total of nine states (Acre, Amazonas, Amap\'e1, Maranh\'e3o, Mato Grosso, Par\'e1, Rond\'f4nia, Roraima, and Tocantins) in Brazil. The mining of gold, iron, and copper ore are the three largest factors of deforested area among all mining activities in the nine states of Brazil from 2008 to 2015. The plot (deforested_area_top10_minerals.png) shows the amount of area deforested due to mining for 
\f1\b the 10 most used
\f0\b0 * minerals. (*bold marked part: is it correct?)\
[***** Select or delete *****]\
Do you eat meat often? (OR: Can you try to eat less meat?)\
Are you a coffee drinker? (OR: Can you try to drink less coffee?)\
Do you use a smart phone? (OR: Would you care for your mobile phone and use it for longer than 4 years?)\
Do you like avocado? (OR: Can you try to eat less avocado?)\
And who doesn't like chocolate? (OR: Maybe also... Can you try to eat less chocolate?)\
[***** Select or delete *****]\
"Deforestation causes almost as much greenhouse gas emissions as global road travel."\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2021/05/green-economy-stop-amazon-deforestation/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2021/05/green-economy-stop-amazon-deforestation/}}\
"Future of the Amazon rainforest is at a dangerous environmental tipping point if deforestation levels rise another 5%."\
21 May 2021, World Economy Forum, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2021/05/green-economy-stop-amazon-deforestation/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2021/05/green-economy-stop-amazon-deforestation/}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-020-00508-4"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-020-00508-4}}\
[Countdown]\
Hectares of primary forest lost today in Brazil | For comparison: Berlin Mitte is 3,950 hectares in size | 4,513.33 | This is an estinate based on the average rate of primary forest loss in the years 2016 \'96 2020.\
[CTA button] Share this story\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Forests cover 31 percent of the global land area.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls6\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The total forest area is 4.06 billion hectares \strike \strikec2 or approximately 5,000m2\'a0(or 50 x 100m) per person,\strike0\striked0  but forests are not equally distributed around the globe.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls6\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
More than half of the world\'92s forests are found in only five countries (the Russian Federation (Europe), Brazil(South America), Canada and the United States of America(North America), and China(Southeast Asia)) and two-thirds (66 percent) of forests are found in ten countries.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls6\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
South America has the second-highest forest cover in the world. the highest forest cover is in Europe. Unlike Europe and America which has an increasing forest cover. The South American forest cover is declining at a fast rate.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls6\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\strike \strikec2 A short story about brazil - why brazil?\strike0\striked0  Brazil holds approximately 60 percent of the Amazon rainforest within its borders.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls6\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The 
\f1\b current?
\f0\b0  deforestation rate by nine states in Brazil can be seen on this map. (choropleth map)\uc0\u8232 \
\ls6\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Drivers of deforestation\uc0\u8232 \
\ls6\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Deforestation declining rate based on defining factors\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
hey Junior, I (sojin) edited a little bit your text. hope it is okay! of course, you can (re)edit everything.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls7\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Can we summarise the above points 3 and 4 as following? (pls edit if sth is wrong~) Two-thirds of the world's forests are found in ten countries, such as Canada, the United States, and China. The biggest forest area is in Russia and the second in South America. But only the forest in South America is declining at a fast rate.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Another suggestion (Nery)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 intro\
opening sentence with the nice background that eve created\
first chapter: empty map of south america with labels (country names)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
style: clean\
\ls8\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
zoom: show all of south america\
\ls8\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
text: 
\f1\b [short introduction of the area - amazon rainforst, brazil]
\f0\b0  The world's largest rainforest is the Amazon rainforest.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 predictions 2020-2026 (future, timeseries data with slider. stephanie)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
style: clean\
\ls9\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
zoom: zoom in on amazon region/ amazon region\
\ls9\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
text: 
\f1\b Based on observed trends from the last 12 years, it is projected that every year, 12 percent more of the current rainforest will disappear due to farming. This means that if rates do not slow down, by 2026 we will see an increase of almost 200% in deforestation
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Based on observed trends from the last 12 years, it is projected that if rates do not slow down, by 2026 we will see an increase of almost 200% in deforestation
\f0\b0 \
timelapse videos (past to present)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls10\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
style: satellite\
\ls10\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
zoom: zoom in north brazil, two markers should be in the center\
\ls10\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
text: 
\f1\b Forest loss in the amazon can even be seen clearly from space. Tap the markers to open a time lapse view
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 choropleth map (area deforested 2008-2019. stephanie)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls11\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
style: clean\
\ls11\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
zoom: zoom out a bit to show all the relevant states\
\ls11\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
text: 
\f1\b The situation is worse in some states than others. In the state of Rond\'f4nia, ____ square km of rainforest were cut down since 2008 - an area equivalent to 10 times the size of Berlin.
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 main drivers of deforestation (new section with chart #1. pavai)\
[a pie chart showing the main drivers of deforestation]\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls12\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
text: 
\f1\b Deforestation\'a0in\'a0Brazil\'a0is\'a0mainly\'a0commodity\'a0driven: meat, metals, palm oil - our consumer choices contribute directly to deforestation
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 main drivers of deforestation (new section with chart #1. yulia)\
[a chart showing the decline in forest area vs the rise of cattle farming. bar+line graph combined]\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls13\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
text: 
\f1\b Three key\'a0drivers\'a0for deforestation of the Amazon rainforest are beef\'a0production, croplands\'a0for\'a0soy,\'a0and\'a0palm\'a0oil. Since\'a01990, as\'a0crops production\'a0and\'a0livestock are on the rise,\'a0the\'a0remaining forest area is diminishing dramatically.
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 counter + share button\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
}